hey I thought about it today
make a lag spinach roll
For that you need four eggs first
the four eggs skin is here in
the shots and then we will be with
stir a whisk and as long
we open the eggs here
Here I have you to our new channel
pure at style cooking welcome from now
and at regular intervals I will
you can not imagine any of them
imitate you
in the kitchen or grill we prove
cooking is not a witchcraft anyone can do
we turn to our 1 as already
mentions the connection with a cut
Spinat comes to the left next
exact quantities that you see on
end of the video
Here too the thing mix nicely
Now we give something to gouda
hear
nice about not understanding everything and
then of course the whole thing will be back
spoiled
Do not forget for a smile
face have so now it is the
whole thing
We give some pageant with the case is
We are now giving black pepper salt
also added
you proceed according to your taste
you salt more others less
the gal is part of the whole thing
nutmeg
It's really nice
so clean when preparing not
forget that grad has to go in there
in the next step we will be the mass
on a baking tray with baking paper part
and then in the oven bank
The crowds should be nice and even
be distributed
the oven neck before to 200 degrees
raw gasoline and how the second ingredient in
pretty big
because then on top of that something
Parmesan
you should just finish grating
I say parmesan
chamber make fresh is grated
simply best
so now comes the team for about 10 to 15
minutes in the oven
when it is finished probably such
tomorrow and leave it completely
So it really has to be absolute
to deliver it now you are separating it
playful from the baking paper I call
now plays plate with just contributes
the top down from wobbly
minute
we have herbed cream cheese here
can also take normal cream cheese
but comes the cream cheese that still gives
twice as nice as I say
but loosely keeps the whole beautiful goofy
and then with a spoon just
distributed evenly throughout
I'm after good cheese fan
So the breakfast is nice for
I'm fine for the founding myths
salt pepper off and bread just
ingenious
but if we roll our playground
too we have bombastic here
Smoked salmon we now on top of the
Cream cheese is only too sparingly distributed
his
the turns filled
and a little more
freshen up a drone
stone fruit pieces and dribbles it up
over it uni will remember or lemon
it does not work
so we are already almost at the end
now the whole thing is granted only
to catch up really tight
So now we have ourselves
a little wrapper and in the
We now wrap this wrapping film
roll in
also here is really nice tight 1
so
on the sides too
that's almost done
now comes in for six hours
fridge so long you have unfortunately
waiting
even if he is waiting a bit now
but that was worth it
We now cut finger-thick slices
down and I have to say it's great
These players alex role which is suitable
wonderful for cold plates or it too
a fantastic party away
and what do you say i am sure that
it tastes good
need salmon roll for the game type
we four eggs
130 grams place the night about 250 grams
smoked salmon a pack of herbs
cream cheese
60 chewing cheese a pinch of nutmeg something
parmesan ca 1 teaspoon of lemon juice
salt and pepper night taste me
hope you liked it
pity the next time again
shot until then
always